8244533: Configure should abort on missing short names in Windows (#24483)
openjdk/jdk: doc/building.md

    directory is missing a short name, the safest way to get one is to enable
    short names for that particular volume with `fsutil 8dot3name set <drive
    letter>: 0` (note that you need to run as administrator for this), and then
    re-create the particular directory. A short name should be generated
    automatically then. Another option is to manually assign a short name to
    the directory using `fsutil file setShortName <path> <short name>`.

  * If using [Cygwin](#cygwin), you must make sure the file permissions and
    attributes between Windows and Cygwin are consistent. It is recommended
    that you follow this procedure:

    * Create the directory that is going to contain the top directory of the
      JDK clone by using the `mkdir` command in the Cygwin bash shell. That is,
      do *not* create it using Windows Explorer. This will ensure that it will
      have proper Cygwin attributes, and that it's children will inherit those
      attributes.

    * Do not put the JDK clone in a path under your Cygwin home directory. This
      is especially important if your user name contains spaces and/or mixed
      upper and lower case letters.

>     Failure to follow this procedure might result in hard-to-debug build

Reviewer: We are listing 2 bullets for Cygwin here so I think plural sounds better.
```suggestion
    Failure to follow these procedures might result in hard-to-debug build
```
